Well, I have been a monk for so many years
Do you have the idea of falling in love?
My brother
What do you care about?
The big boss will definitely punish me when he hears it. I don't want to
I just want to be a director now
Men are a burden
It will only affect the speed at which I make money.
Did my sister kiss the boss?
Just to become director
Men are all
I'll use the ATM.
I'm not afraid at all every time I ask for money
Sister, what about Murrig?
You see he is handsome and excellent
What's so great about it?
Fall in love with him
I've told you a hundred times.
I'm just friends with Murrig
Now is and will be
What about your boss?
Although he is a sea king
That's rich and powerful
And he's handsome.
You don't want to be in a relationship with him either
I know he's my boss
How dare you ask such a ridiculous question
Hey, I refuse in front of the office.
Why do you keep asking about adults?
It's getting late
Go back and rest
Sister, I just arrived.
Don't come, sister, let's go
Ah, luckily the big boss didn't hear anything
Which eye did you see that I won't fall in love with you?
I didn't mean that, you misunderstood.
I mean there is absolutely no way you can like me
Even if the sun rises in the west
The sow will climb the tree
I am the only woman left in the world
You will never fall in love with me
People like you who eat ingredients like life
You don't deserve to be my woman
Also, if you fall in love in the future
You shouldn't have time to come to me, right?
You especially don't want me to love you.
I didn't mean that.
I mean if you feel bad in the future